feat: allow overriding rudder-config.yaml settings from values.yaml (#59)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-helm: README.md

```

**Note:** Configuration specific to:

> - Backend can be edited in [rudder-config.yaml](https://docs.rudderlabs.com/administrators-guide/config-parameters). or in values.yaml under `backend.config.overrides`.

Reviewer: The mentioned [doc link](https://docs.rudderlabs.com/administrators-guide/config-parameters)) is broken

Reviewer: Created a[ separate issue](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudderstack-helm/issues/60) to fix this after this merge

Reviewer 2: We have deprecated this guide as it had outdated information. Should we just point to the [`config.yaml`](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-server/blob/master/config/config.yaml) file? @gitcommitshow @gane5hvarma

Author: I can do that @ameypv-rudder

> - Backend can be edited in [rudder-config.yaml](https://docs.rudderlabs.com/administrators-guide/config-parameters). or in values.yaml under `backend.config.overrides`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Backend can be edited in [rudder-config.yaml](https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudderstack-helm/blob/master/rudder-config.yaml). or in values.yaml under `backend.config.overrides`.
```
